The President:
It's been one week since
tragedy visited Tucson, Arizona.
We properly spent much of the
week mourning the victims and
remembering their lives.
We also discovered stories
that serve to lift us up --
stories of heroism and bravery,
of courage and community --
stories that remind us that
we are one American family,
300 million strong.
One of the places we saw that
sense of community on display
was on the floor of the
House of Representatives,
where Gabby Giffords, who
inspires us with her recovery,
is deeply missed
by her colleagues.
One by one, Representatives from
all parts of the country and all
points of view rose in common
cause to honor Gabby and the
other victims, and to reflect on
our shared hopes for this country.
As shrill and discordant as
our politics can be at times,
it was a moment that reminded
us of who we really are --
and how much we
depend on one another.
While we can't escape our
grief for those we've lost,
we carry on now,
mindful of those truths.
We carry on because we have to.
After all, this is still a time of
great challenges for us to solve.
We've got to grow jobs
faster, and forge a stronger,
more competitive economy.
We've got to shore
up our budget,
and bring down our deficits.
We've got to keep
our people safe,
and see to it that the American
Dream remains vibrant and alive
for our children and
our grandchildren.
These are challenges
I believe we can meet.
And I believe we can do it in a
way worthy of those who sent us
here to serve.
So as business resumes, I look
forward to working together in
that same spirit of common cause
with members of Congress from
both parties -- because before
we are Democrats or Republicans,
we are Americans.
And as we perform the
work of this nation,
my prayer is that we
stay true to our words,
and turn to those examples
of heroism, and courage,
and perseverance, to bring
out the better in all of us.
Thanks for listening, and
have a wonderful weekend.